added info that user should download meta mask (#572)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/users/web3.mdx

You need to create a Clerk application in your [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/) and configure the application to use **Sign in with Metamask**. For more information on how to set up a Clerk application, check out the [setup guide](/docs/quickstarts/setup-clerk). To enable Metamask authentication, check out [this guide](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-in-options#social-o-auth-web3).

> Please ensure that you have downloaded [Metamask](https://metamask.io/download/) on your machine to ensure a seamless login flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure that you have downloaded the [Metamask plugin](https://metamask.io/download/) and installed it on your browser to ensure a seamless login flow.
```

Author: added changes
